Some of the main design choices I've inluded in my landing page are the custom google font "work sans" and sans-serif style. This font provides a professional and modern look along with enhancing the readability of the text elements of the website.
I chose a minimalistic layout for my site with no overly complicated graphics or large pieces of text clogging the customers viewing experience. My nav bar and header work together establishing a colour scheme for the rest of the website as well as giving the costumer
a simple, to the point understanding of what our company provides for them. The colour scheme for the website is a combination of dark green, cream, and white giving the site a natural, earthy tone, designed specifically for a furniture store that emphasizes 
sustainable materials and organic designs. With the use of sizing, margins and patterns with percentages im able to make my designs centered and large on larger screens and them am able to adjust the responsiveness for smaller devices with the use of media queries.
I also use css animation effects such as hover effects to add a cohesive and visually appealing element and level of interactability to my website in the navigation, footer and overall body sections, buttons and links. I use card and grid classes to allow myself to alter
the look, positioning, and sizes of my cards and the elements inside them while also allowing for easier addition of responsiveness later on int he process. Lastly I use media queries to alter the sizes of my elements for various device screen sizes. On devices within the
limits 0-600px, 600-768px, and 768+px the sizes of my various elements are altered to better fit on those devices screens.
